Clarify retransmission of frames (#136)
quicwg/ack-frequency: draft-ietf-quic-ack-frequency.md

  acknowledgement when the peer receives a packet out of order
  ({{out-of-order}}). 0 represents 'false' and 1 represents 'true'.

ACK_FREQUENCY frames are ack-eliciting. When an ACK_FREQUENCY frame is lost,

> a sender is encouraged to send a new ACK_FREQUENCY frame with a larger Sequence
> Number value and potentially updated information. However, it is not forbidden to
> retransmit the lost frame; see Section 13.3 of {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a sender is encouraged to send a new ACK_FREQUENCY frame with a larger Sequence
Number value if there is updated information. If another ACK_FREQUENCY frame with a
higher Sequence Number value has already been sent, it does not need to be sent again.
However, it is not forbidden to retransmit the lost frame; see Section 13.3 of {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}.
```

> ACK_FREQUENCY frames are ack-eliciting. However, an ACK_FREQUENCY frame SHOULD
> NOT just be retransmitted. Instead, a new ACK_FREQUENCY frame with a larger Sequence
> Number value and potential updated information SHOULD be sent if loss was detected and
> if a new ACK_FREQUENCY was not already sent in the mean time until the loss was detected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ACK_FREQUENCY frames are ack-eliciting. When an ACK_FREQUENCY frame is lost,
a sender is encouraged to send a new ACK_FREQUENCY frame with a larger Sequence
Number value and potentially updated information. However, it is not forbidden to retransmit
frames being lost as-is; see Section 13.3 of {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}.
```

sender wants an immediate RTT measurement or if a sender wants to establish
receiver liveness as quickly as possible.

> By definition IMMEDIATE_ACK frames are ack-eliciting.

Reviewer 2: :+1: to clarifying this.

}
~~~

> IMMEDIATE_ACK frames SHOULD NOT be retransmitted. If loss is detected, based

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMMEDIATE_ACK frames do not need to be retransmitted. If loss is detected, based
```

on the receipt of an ACK frames, there is no need to request another ack. If
a packet containing IMMEDIATE_ACK and data is detected as lost due to an
time-out, the sender MAY send the retransmitted data again together with an

> IMMEDIATE_ACK frame.

Reviewer 2: Please see my comment above regarding retransmission suggestions.

> IMMEDIATE_ACK frames SHOULD NOT be retransmitted. If loss is detected, based
> on the receipt of an ACK frames, there is no need to request another ack. If
> a packet containing IMMEDIATE_ACK and data is detected as lost due to an
> time-out, the sender MAY send the retransmitted data again together with an
> IMMEDIATE_ACK frame.

Author: ```suggestion
IMMEDIATE_ACK frames do not need to be retransmitted. If loss is detected, based
on the receipt of an ACK frames, there is usually no need to immediately request another ack.
If data, that was previously send together with an IMMEDIATE_ACK frame, is detected as lost
and retransmitted, that does not necessarily mean that the retransmission also has to be
send together with an IMMEDIATE_ACK frame. 
```
This proposed new text now doesn't provide any guidance if retransmitted data that was sent with an IMMEDIATE_ACK frame, should be retransmitted with an IMMEDIATE_ACK frame not. I guess there are cases where it actually makes sense to do so, e.g. if the last packet of a transmission is lost. However, if you always just retransmit the whole datagram that can also lead to unnecessary additional immediate ACKs, so I think should by default be rather not recommended. However, I'm actually not sure what really the right advise it. So either we don't say more than now proposed in this commit or we maybe need to add a bit more discussion...

}
~~~

IMMEDIATE_ACK frames do not need to be retransmitted. If loss is detected, based
on the receipt of an ACK frames, there is no need to request another ack. If
a packet containing IMMEDIATE_ACK and data is detected as lost due to an

> time-out, the sender MAY send the retransmitted data again together with an

Author: ```suggestion
time-out, the sender might send the retransmitted data again together with an
```

> IMMEDIATE_ACK frames do not need to be retransmitted. If loss is detected, based
> on the receipt of an ACK frames, there is no need to request another ack. If
> a packet containing IMMEDIATE_ACK and data is detected as lost due to an
> time-out, the sender MAY send the retransmitted data again together with an
> IMMEDIATE_ACK frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMMEDIATE_ACK frames do not need to be retransmitted.
```
